[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Yasmine->all]: I appreciate the opportunity to weigh in on our dining options. Given my dietary restrictions as a vegan, it seems neither restaurant offers suitable vegan options. However, I can still evaluate them based on their overall appeal and qualities that might influence our choice.

American Delight has traditional American fare, which includes items like burgers and BBQ ribs, but it doesn't cater to my vegan needs. On the other hand, American Dream USA presents a similar challenge, but it offers a broader menu, including a gourmet burger and loaded nachos, which might be more appealing in terms of variety.

I would like to hear everyone's thoughts on the service and quality of food that we can expect from these places, even if they don't meet my dietary preferences perfectly. What do you all think?

[Eve->all]: As I reflect on our options, I feel that both restaurants offer a range of classic American dishes, but I have some preferences to share. American Delight features a more straightforward menu with items like the Classic American Burger and Mac and Cheese, which are comforting and simple. However, I'm drawn to the idea of trying something a bit different, like the Gourmet Burger from American Dream USA, which seems more exciting and gourmet.

Additionally, American Dream USA has a wider variety of dishes, including Loaded Nachos and a Caesar Salad, which could provide a more diverse dining experience. Even though I don't have dietary restrictions, I do appreciate healthier options, and the Caesar Salad could fit that bill.

In terms of service, I think it’s important for us to consider how welcoming and attentive each restaurant might be, especially since I tend to be shy and appreciate a comfortable dining environment. I wonder if any of you have heard anything about the ambiance or service quality at either place? 

I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts!

[Yasmine->all]: Thank you for sharing your insights, Eve! I appreciate your perspective on the variety offered by American Dream USA. It seems like a more exciting choice with a broader menu, which can cater to different tastes and preferences within our group.

While I understand that neither restaurant caters specifically to my vegan diet, I also value the idea of having a diverse dining experience. The Loaded Nachos and Caesar Salad from American Dream USA sound like they could be appealing options for those who might want something a bit lighter or healthier.

As for service, I haven't heard anything specific about the ambiance or attentiveness at either restaurant, but I agree that a welcoming environment can significantly enhance our dining experience. It might be worth considering that when making our decision.

I'm leaning towards American Dream USA due to its variety and potential for a more enjoyable experience overall. What do you think about possibly prioritizing variety and service over strict dietary alignment? I'm curious about everyone's thoughts on this!

