[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Tara->all]: I think both restaurants have appealing menus, but I’m leaning towards American Dream USA because it has a variety of gourmet options and healthier choices like the Caesar Salad. The Gourmet Burger also sounds exotic and different from a typical burger, which aligns with my adventurous personality. Plus, I appreciate that they offer multiple milkshake flavors, including strawberry.

On the other hand, American Delight seems more traditional with its focus on classic American comfort food. However, I'm curious about the Gourmet Burger and the Loaded Nachos from American Dream USA.

What do you all think? Should we explore American Dream USA for something a bit more gourmet and adventurous?

[Tina->all]: I agree with Tara that American Dream USA offers a more diverse menu with gourmet options that are appealing, especially the Gourmet Burger and the Caesar Salad, which align with my taste for Mediterranean cuisine and a focus on healthier choices. The loaded nachos also sound like a fun shareable dish.

While American Delight has classic comfort foods, I think the modern twist of American Dream USA's offerings can provide a more exciting dining experience. Plus, the variety of milkshake flavors is a nice touch that could cater to different preferences.

How does everyone feel about leaning toward American Dream USA for our meal? I believe it could offer something special and delicious while also catering to our health-conscious preferences.

[Chloe->all]: As the leader of the team, I appreciate both of your insights. I am also leaning towards American Dream USA for a few reasons. The variety of gourmet options, such as the Gourmet Burger and the Caesar Salad, aligns with my preference for healthier choices, especially given my dietary restrictions. The Caesar Salad could be a great side for me, and I can skip the heavier items.

I do have some concerns, though. The Gourmet Burger sounds delicious, but I need to be mindful of the sugar content in sauces. I would prefer something that adheres to my low-sugar dietary restriction, so it would be helpful if we could ask for modifications if we choose that dish.

Moreover, I think the exciting and diverse menu at American Dream USA could make our dining experience more enjoyable. It seems like a great opportunity for us to bond over something adventurous and different. 

Are we all on the same page about American Dream USA, or are there any reservations? Let’s discuss before we finalize our choice.

