[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Nora->all]: In evaluating both restaurants, I can see that "American Delight" offers classic American dishes, but many of them are not gluten-free, which is a significant concern for me. The menu includes items like the Classic American Burger and Mac and Cheese, which are not suitable for my dietary restrictions.

On the other hand, "American Dream USA" seems to have a more diverse menu, featuring a Gourmet Burger that could potentially be made gluten-free, along with a Caesar Salad and a Chocolate Lava Cake that might have gluten-free options. The emphasis on gourmet dishes and comfort food aligns well with my taste for fine dining. 

I would prefer to discuss this further with Alice to gauge her thoughts and preferences. 

Alice, what are your thoughts on the two restaurants? Do you have a preference for the type of food or the atmosphere?

[Alice->all]: I appreciate your insights, Nora! I can see that "American Dream USA" offers a broader selection that might cater to your dietary needs better than "American Delight." The Gourmet Burger sounds intriguing, and I love that it also has a focus on comfort food while still being gourmet.

I also noticed that "American Dream USA" has options like the Loaded Nachos and a Caesar Salad, which could be fun to share. The desserts, especially the Chocolate Lava Cake, sound like a delightful way to finish our meal. 

While "American Delight" has classic comfort foods, I'm leaning towards "American Dream USA" due to its more varied menu and potential for healthier options. I think it could be a great experience for us to enjoy together. What do you think? Would you prefer to go there?

[Nora->all]: I completely agree with you, Alice! "American Dream USA" does seem to align better with both my dietary restrictions and our shared taste for gourmet comfort food. The variety in their menu, especially with options that could potentially be gluten-free, is really appealing. I also love the idea of sharing the Loaded Nachos and Caesar Salad with you.

Moreover, the concept of ending our meal with the Chocolate Lava Cake is so delightful. It feels like a more sophisticated dining experience, which I think we both appreciate. 

Given that we've already discussed our preferences, do you think we should propose "American Dream USA" as our final choice? If so, I can suggest we order a few dishes to share, making it a fun and intimate dining experience. What do you think?

