[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Jake->all]: Hey everyone! So, we have two restaurant options: American Delight and American Dream USA. 

From what I see, American Delight has a Classic American Burger, BBQ Ribs, and Mac and Cheese, which sound really tasty, especially since I love fried food. However, I have to be careful with my high blood pressure and dietary restrictions, so I’m not sure how well that fits.

On the other hand, American Dream USA has a Gourmet Burger, Loaded Nachos, BBQ Ribs, and Buffalo Wings. The prices seem reasonable too, and the menu looks pretty appealing. The Gourmet Burger sounds interesting, but I’m concerned about the toppings and sodium levels compared to the Classic American Burger at American Delight.

What do you guys think? Any preferences or concerns? 

<Just waiting for Brian and Quinn to share their thoughts!>

[Brian->all]: Hey Jake! I appreciate your insights on both restaurants. 

For me, the menu at American Delight does sound appealing with the Classic American Burger and BBQ Ribs. However, I lean more towards street food and healthier options, which makes me wonder if their offerings would be too heavy for my taste. 

On the other hand, American Dream USA has a more diverse menu with options like Loaded Nachos and the Caesar Salad, which could be a lighter alternative. The Gourmet Burger sounds fancy, but I’m curious about how "gourmet" it really is—sometimes those fancy toppings can be a bit overwhelming.

Since I don't have any dietary restrictions, I’m open to trying something that balances flavor and health. I’m also considering that I don't want to spend too much since my income is limited.

What do you think, Quinn? Any thoughts on either restaurant?

[Quinn->all]: Hey Jake and Brian! Thanks for sharing your thoughts. 

I’m really drawn to the options at American Delight, especially the Classic American Burger and BBQ Ribs. The idea of spicy chicken wings also excites me since I love bold flavors. However, I understand your concerns about the overall heaviness of the food and sodium levels, especially considering your dietary needs.

On the flip side, American Dream USA has a wider variety of dishes, which gives us more options to choose from. The Loaded Nachos and Caesar Salad could be great lighter options, and I think the Buffalo Wings could satisfy my craving for spiciness. The Gourmet Burger sounds upscale, but I wonder if it will be as satisfying as a classic burger.

Ultimately, I think we should lean towards the restaurant that offers the most delicious food while also considering health. I’m inclined to go with American Dream USA for its variety and lighter options, but I’d love to hear more about what you both think. Should we explore more about the Gourmet Burger or stick to the classics? 

Let’s discuss!

