[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Max->all]: Alright, let's analyze both restaurants based on their menus and what I prefer.

American Delight offers a traditional American menu with items like the Classic American Burger, BBQ Ribs, and Mac and Cheese. However, this menu isn't very plant-based and leans heavily on meat and cheese, which might not align with my tastes.

On the other hand, American Dream USA has a more diverse menu, including options like the Gourmet Burger and Loaded Nachos. They also provide a Caesar Salad, which could be a healthier option, and they have a variety of milkshake flavors. 

Given my taste for plant-based meals and a focus on health, I would lean towards American Dream USA. The Caesar Salad could be a good side, and the diversity of their menu might offer more options that I can enjoy. 

I think it's important to discuss this with Sam and see what she thinks, too. What does everyone else think about the menus?

[Sam->all]: I appreciate your thoughts, Max! I see where you're coming from, especially regarding health and a more diverse menu. 

American Delight does have some classic comfort food options that I enjoy, like the Classic American Burger and Mac and Cheese. However, I also recognize that their menu is quite heavy on meat and cheese, which might not be the healthiest choice for both of us.

American Dream USA seems to have a more balanced selection with options like the Caesar Salad, which I think is a great addition, and the Gourmet Burger sounds really enticing. The Loaded Nachos also seem like a fun sharing option, and I love that they offer milkshakes in multiple flavors, which could be a nice treat!

Overall, I agree with you that American Dream USA aligns better with our tastes and health considerations. I’m leaning towards that restaurant as well. Let's see what others think!

[Max->all]: I appreciate both of your insights! It sounds like we're on the same page regarding our preferences for a more balanced menu that caters to our health and taste. 

American Delight's offerings are more traditional, but they really emphasize meat and cheese, which isn’t quite what we’re looking for. While the Classic American Burger and BBQ Ribs can be appealing, they don't fit into our desire for healthier, plant-based options.

American Dream USA, on the other hand, not only has the Gourmet Burger and Loaded Nachos but also a Caesar Salad that could complement our meal nicely. Plus, the variety of milkshake flavors adds a fun aspect to our dining experience. 

I think we should continue leaning towards American Dream USA, as it seems to provide a better fit for our tastes and health-conscious choices. If everyone agrees, I can propose finalizing our decision on that restaurant for our meal! What do you all think?

