[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Olivia->all]: Hey Charlie! After looking at the menus, I can see that both restaurants offer some classic American dishes, but I’m leaning towards a healthier option since I have to be mindful of my gluten-free diet.

American Delight has a lot of comforting options, but I’m not sure if any of their dishes would suit my dietary restrictions. The Classic American Burger and Mac and Cheese both contain gluten, which isn't ideal for me. 

On the other hand, American Dream USA has a Caesar Salad that could potentially be customized to be gluten-free if we ask them to leave out the croutons. Plus, they have a Gourmet Burger option that sounds interesting, although I’d need to check if they can make it gluten-free.

What do you think? Do you see any options that would work for us?

[Charlie->all]: Hey Olivia! I totally get where you're coming from with your gluten-free diet. It's great that we can find options that work for both of us.

Looking at the menus, I see that American Delight is more focused on classic comfort food, which doesn't really align with my taste for healthier options. Their offerings like the BBQ Ribs and Mac and Cheese are tempting, but not quite what I'm after.

On the other hand, American Dream USA has a nice variety, including that Caesar Salad, which I think could be a good choice for you, especially if we can customize it. I also appreciate the Gourmet Burger option, which sounds like a mouth-watering twist on the classic burger.

For me, I’m really drawn to the healthier aspects of the Caesar Salad and the potential for a more gourmet experience at American Dream USA. Plus, I think the loaded nachos could be a fun appetizer to share if you're up for it! 

What do you think about leaning towards American Dream USA?

[Olivia->all]: I agree, Charlie! American Dream USA seems to be the better choice for us. The Caesar Salad can definitely be adjusted for my gluten-free needs, and the Gourmet Burger sounds like a delicious option. I also like that they have a variety of dishes that cater to different tastes.

The Loaded Nachos sound fun, and they could be a great appetizer to share. I think we should definitely confirm if they can make the Gourmet Burger gluten-free before we finalize our decision, but overall, I feel good about choosing American Dream USA.

Shall we propose going there and ordering the Caesar Salad, Gourmet Burger, and Loaded Nachos? What do you think?

[Charlie->all]: {
    "restaurant": "American Dream USA",
    "dishes": [
        "Caesar Salad",
        "Gourmet Burger",
        "Loaded Nachos"
    ],
    "summary": "After discussing our preferences, we agreed that American Dream USA offers a better selection for both of us. Olivia found that the Caesar Salad could be customized to meet her gluten-free needs, and I was excited about the Gourmet Burger option. The Loaded Nachos also seemed like a fun appetizer to share. Overall, the healthier and gourmet options at American Dream USA aligned well with both of our tastes, leading us to choose this restaurant."
}

