[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Wade->all]: I think we need to consider what each restaurant offers and how it fits with our preferences. 

American Delight has a menu that includes a Classic American Burger, BBQ Ribs, and Mac and Cheese. These are simple yet hearty meals, which I appreciate. However, the prices are somewhat high, especially considering our financial situation.

On the other hand, American Dream USA offers a range of comfort food too, like the Classic Cheeseburger and BBQ Ribs, but they also have options like Loaded Nachos and a Gourmet Burger. They have a wider variety, including a salad and a dessert option like Chocolate Lava Cake, which might be nice to share as a family treat.

Both places have similar themes, but I lean toward American Dream USA because of the variety and slightly lower prices, particularly for the cheeseburger and nachos, which sound appealing and healthier for our family. 

What do you all think? Should we focus on variety and perhaps try American Dream USA?

[Ivy->all]: I completely agree with you, Wade! While American Delight has some classic options, I feel like American Dream USA really stands out with its variety. The Loaded Nachos and Gourmet Burger sound delicious, and I love that they have healthier options like the Caesar Salad. Plus, the dessert options, especially the Chocolate Lava Cake, would be a fantastic treat for Emma and a nice way to end our meal.

Given our financial situation, the lower prices on some items at American Dream USA can help us enjoy a fulfilling meal without breaking the bank. I also appreciate that they have a range of flavors, which keeps things interesting for everyone at the table.

I think we should strongly consider American Dream USA! What do you all think about focusing on this restaurant?

[Emma->all]: I really appreciate both of your insights! I love the enthusiasm for trying something new, and I'm definitely drawn to the idea of having a variety of options. American Dream USA's menu feels more exciting to me, especially with dishes like the Loaded Nachos and the Gourmet Burger. Since I enjoy organic food and healthy options, the Caesar Salad is appealing too, and I think it's great that there's a dessert like the Chocolate Lava Cake to look forward to!

The prices at American Dream USA seem more manageable for us, which is important given our budget. I think having a mix of comfort food and healthier choices would make for a delightful meal together. Plus, it sounds like a fun experience to share with the family.

I’m really leaning towards American Dream USA, just like you both are! Should we formalize our decision to go there and enjoy a wonderful meal together?

