[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Frank->all]: Hey Giselle, Yara! I've been looking at the menus for both restaurants, and I think we need to consider what we're in the mood for.

American Delight has some classic options like the Classic American Burger and BBQ Ribs. They seem very appealing for a fast-food craving, especially the Mac and Cheese and the Milkshake. Plus, they have a promotion for first-time visitors!

On the other hand, American Dream USA offers a Gourmet Burger that sounds unique with its artisanal toppings, and they have Loaded Nachos which could be a fun shareable dish. The BBQ Ribs there are slightly cheaper and come with coleslaw, which could be a nice touch.

What do you both think? Are you leaning towards classic fast food comfort or something a bit more gourmet?

[Giselle->all]: Hey Frank, hey Yara! 

I appreciate the options both restaurants present. American Delight has some classic comfort foods that sound delicious, especially the Mac and Cheese and the American Apple Pie, which definitely hit my sweet tooth! However, I’m really intrigued by the Gourmet Burger at American Dream USA, especially with the artisanal toppings. 

I also like that American Dream USA has a nice variety, such as the Loaded Nachos and the Chocolate Lava Cake, which are not just tasty but also align well with my taste for desserts. Plus, their BBQ Ribs are a bit more affordable and come with coleslaw, which adds a refreshing element.

Overall, I think I’m leaning more towards American Dream USA for its gourmet offerings and dessert options. What do you think, Yara?

[Yara->all]: Hey Frank and Giselle!

I've been considering both menus, and while American Delight has some classic comfort foods that look tempting, I have to say that American Dream USA stands out more for me. Since I follow a vegan diet, I’m looking for something that can accommodate that. 

Unfortunately, neither restaurant offers vegan options directly on their menus, but American Dream USA's variety, especially the Loaded Nachos and the Caesar Salad (which can be modified), makes it a more appealing choice for a broader selection. Plus, I think the Gourmet Burger could be fun to share and possibly adapted for my dietary restrictions.

I also appreciate the price point of the BBQ Ribs being lower at American Dream USA, and the dessert options like the Chocolate Lava Cake sound amazing! Overall, I agree with Giselle that the gourmet aspect of American Dream USA is intriguing and might provide a more enjoyable experience for all of us.

What do you think about heading to American Dream USA?

