[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Delight "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Discover the taste of America at American Delight! Enjoy our juicy Classic American Burger, tender BBQ Ribs, and creamy Mac and Cheese, all made with the finest ingredients. Join us for a delightful dining experience and treat your taste buds today! Special promotions available for first-time visitors!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic American Burger', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty with lettuce, tomato, and special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in our house BBQ sauce.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'Mac and Cheese', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Creamy cheese sauce over pasta, baked to perfection.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Chicken Wings', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with ranch dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'American Apple Pie', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Classic dessert made with fresh apples and a flaky crust.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate or vanilla.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: The Restaurant " American Dream USA "information as below:
1. Customer Score: NULL
2. Advertisement
   Welcome to American Dream USA! Enjoy our delicious comfort food and gourmet dishes. Try our special promotion on the 'Gourmet Burger' for the first week - a mouth-watering experience at a discounted price! Bring your friends and family for a taste of America!
3. Menu 
   [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Classic Cheeseburger', 'price': 10.0, 'description': 'Juicy beef patty topped with melted cheese, lettuce, tomato, and our special sauce.'}, {'id': 2, 'name': 'Loaded Nachos', 'price': 8.0, 'description': 'Crispy tortilla chips topped with melted cheese, jalapeños, sour cream, and guacamole.'}, {'id': 3, 'name': 'BBQ Ribs', 'price': 15.0, 'description': 'Tender pork ribs smothered in tangy BBQ sauce, served with coleslaw.'}, {'id': 4, 'name': 'Buffalo Wings', 'price': 12.0, 'description': 'Spicy chicken wings served with celery sticks and blue cheese dressing.'}, {'id': 5, 'name': 'Milkshake', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Thick and creamy milkshake available in chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.'}, {'id': 6, 'name': 'Gourmet Burger', 'price': 18.0, 'description': 'Premium beef patty with artisanal toppings including avocado, arugula, and gourmet sauce.'}, {'id': 7, 'name': 'Artisanal Fries', 'price': 6.0, 'description': 'Crispy fries seasoned with herbs and spices, served with a garlic aioli dip.'}, {'id': 8, 'name': 'Caesar Salad', 'price': 9.0, 'description': 'Classic Caesar salad topped with grilled chicken, croutons, and parmesan cheese.'}, {'id': 9, 'name': 'Chocolate Lava Cake', 'price': 7.0, 'description': 'Decadent chocolate cake with a molten center, served with vanilla ice cream.'}, {'id': 10, 'name': 'Apple Pie', 'price': 5.0, 'description': 'Traditional apple pie made with fresh apples and a flaky crust, served warm.'}]
4. Comments
   []

Please note that comments are merely expressions of personal opinions and are for reference only. Comments can also be time-sensitive. So, a negative comment of a restaurant does not mean it's not suitable for you. If you are drawn to its menu and advertisements, don't hesitate to give it a try.

[System->all]: As a member of the group, you need referencing your according to your income, taste, health, dietary restriction, personality and previous dining experiences then discussing with others, finally decide which restaurant to go to and which dishes to order.

Two rules:
1. the discussion must be maintained for more than two round. In first round, each member should express his or her views and needs. If someone wants to propose a final solution in the second round of a discussion, they should first verbally articulate their proposal and seek preliminary agreement from other members. If the proposal gains majority support during this round, it can then be formally submitted in the third round as the final decision.
2. If you are in discussion, no format restrictions, But If you want to final summarize and order, ensure your response follows this format:
{
    "restaurant": <The chosen restaurant. If you don't make choices, return 'None'>,
    "dishes" : [
        The names of the dishes ordered from the chosen restaurant, order enough dishes for group.
    ],
    "summary": <A summary of the group discussion, including why this restaurant was chosen, and how each member's opinion influenced the final decision>
}
(If you want to summarize, only output this json data, without any other content!!!)

[Grace->all]: In this round of discussion, I want to share my thoughts. Given that I have a taste for soups and stews, I'm not particularly drawn to the menus of either restaurant, as they primarily focus on burgers, ribs, and wings. However, I do appreciate that both places offer comfort food options.

American Delight has some interesting dishes like the BBQ Ribs and Mac and Cheese, which might be quite comforting. But American Dream USA offers a broader menu, including a Caesar Salad, which could be a healthier option for me, especially being diabetic. 

Another point to consider is that American Dream USA has a Gourmet Burger, which sounds enticing, but I need to keep my dietary restrictions in mind, so I might need to skip that. I also appreciate that both places have apple pie, which I can indulge in as a treat.

Overall, I'm leaning slightly towards American Dream USA because it offers some healthier options and a more diverse menu. 

What do you all think?

[Peter->all]: I appreciate Grace's insights and agree that both restaurants cater to comfort food preferences, but I also have my own tastes to consider. As someone who enjoys baked goods and has a preference for healthier options, I see merit in both menus.

American Delight has the appealing Classic American Burger and Mac and Cheese, but I find the options a bit limited, especially if I'm considering a more balanced meal. The American Apple Pie does sound delicious, though.

On the other hand, American Dream USA offers a wider variety of dishes, including the Caesar Salad, which can be a good healthy choice. The Loaded Nachos and Chocolate Lava Cake also catch my eye, and I appreciate that they have a similar apple pie option too. 

I think the more diverse menu at American Dream USA could cater to both Grace's health considerations and my love for baked goods. I’m leaning towards American Dream USA as well, especially since it seems to offer something for both of us.

What does everyone else think?

[Grace->all]: I'm glad to hear that both of you are leaning towards American Dream USA as well! I agree that the variety on the menu is important, especially since we want to enjoy our meal while also being mindful of health considerations.

To recap, American Dream USA has healthier options like the Caesar Salad and a range of dishes that could cater to both our preferences. The Chocolate Lava Cake could be a nice indulgent treat for us to share too. Plus, their Gourmet Burger might sound enticing even if I won't be able to enjoy it fully.

I think it would be great to try a mix of dishes that accommodate all our tastes. Maybe we can include the BBQ Ribs, Caesar Salad, and the Chocolate Lava Cake for dessert? 

What do you think about that selection? Should we move forward with American Dream USA as our choice?

